README.md, before:

# screenshot-to-code

A simple tool to convert screenshots, mockups and Figma designs into clean, functional code using AI. Now supporting Gemini 3 and Claude Opus 4.5!

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/85b911c0-efea-4957-badb-daa97ec402ad

Supported stacks:

- HTML + Tailwind
- HTML + CSS
- React + Tailwind
- Vue + Tailwind
- Bootstrap
- Ionic + Tailwind
- SVG

Supported AI models:

- Gemini 3 Flash and Pro - Best models! (Google)
- Claude Opus 4.5 - Best model! (Anthropic)
- GPT-5.2, GPT-4.1 (OpenAI)
- Other models are available as well but we recommend using the above models.
- DALL-E 3 or Flux Schnell (using Replicate) for image generation

See the [Examples](#-examples) section below for more demos.

We have experimental support for taking a video/screen recording of a website in action and turning that into a functional prototype.

![google in app quick 3](https://github.com/abi/screenshot-to-code/assets/23818/8758ffa4-9483-4b9b-bb66-abd6d1594c33)

[Learn more about video here](https://github.com/abi/screenshot-to-code/wiki/Screen-Recording-to-Code).

[Follow me on Twitter for updates](https://twitter.com/_abi_).

## 🌍 Hosted Version

[Try it live on the hosted version (paid)](https://screenshottocode.com).

## 🛠 Getting Started

The app has a React/Vite frontend and a FastAPI backend.

Keys needed:

- [OpenAI API key](https://github.com/abi/screenshot-to-code/blob/main/Troubleshooting.md), Anthropic key, or Google Gemini key
- Multiple keys are recommended so you can compare results from different models

If you'd like to run the app with Ollama open source models (not recommended due to poor quality results), [follow this comment](https://github.com/abi/screenshot-to-code/issues/354#issuecomment-2435479853).

Run the backend (I use Poetry for package management - `pip install --upgrade poetry` if you don't have it):

```bash
cd backend
echo "OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-your-key" > .env
echo "ANTHROPIC_API_KEY=your-key" >> .env
echo "GEMINI_API_KEY=your-key" >> .env
poetry install
poetry shell
poetry run uvicorn main:app --reload --port 7001
```

You can also set up the keys using the settings dialog on the front-end (click the gear icon after loading the frontend).

Run the frontend:

```bash
cd frontend
yarn
yarn dev
```

Open http://localhost:5173 to use the app.

If you prefer to run the backend on a different port, update VITE_WS_BACKEND_URL in `frontend/.env.local`

## Docker

If you have Docker installed on your system, in the root directory, run:

```bash
echo "OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-your-key" > .env
docker-compose up -d --build
```

The app will be up and running at http://localhost:5173. Note that you can't develop the application with this setup as the file changes won't trigger a rebuild.

## 🙋‍♂️ FAQs

- **I'm running into an error when setting up the backend. How can I fix it?** [Try this](https://github.com/abi/screenshot-to-code/issues/3#issuecomment-1814777959). If that still doesn't work, open an issue.
- **How do I get an OpenAI API key?** See https://github.com/abi/screenshot-to-code/blob/main/Troubleshooting.md
- **How can I configure an OpenAI proxy?** - If you're not able to access the OpenAI API directly (due to e.g. country restrictions), you can try a VPN or you can configure the OpenAI base URL to use a proxy: Set OPENAI_BASE_URL in the `backend/.env` or directly in the UI in the settings dialog. Make sure the URL has "v1" in the path so it should look like this: `https://xxx.xxxxx.xxx/v1`
- **How can I update the backend host that my front-end connects to?** - Configure VITE_HTTP_BACKEND_URL and VITE_WS_BACKEND_URL in front/.env.local For example, set VITE_HTTP_BACKEND_URL=http://124.10.20.1:7001
- **Seeing UTF-8 errors when running the backend?** - On windows, open the .env file with notepad++, then go to Encoding and select UTF-8.
- **How can I provide feedback?** For feedback, feature requests and bug reports, open an issue or ping me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/_abi_).

## 📚 Examples

**NYTimes**

| Original                                                                                                                                                        | Replica                                                                                                                                                         |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <img width="1238" alt="Screenshot 2023-11-20 at 12 54 03 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6b0ae86c-1b0f-4598-a578-c7b62205b3e2"> | <img width="1414" alt="Screenshot 2023-11-20 at 12 59 56 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/981c490e-9be6-407e-8e46-2642f0ca613e"> |


**Instagram**

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a335a105-f9cc-40e6-ac6b-64e5390bfc21

**Hacker News**


https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/205cb5c7-9c3c-438d-acd4-26dfe6e077e5

Commit message:

Update README for poetry activate

README.md, after:

# screenshot-to-code

A simple tool to convert screenshots, mockups and Figma designs into clean, functional code using AI. Now supporting Gemini 3 and Claude Opus 4.5!

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/85b911c0-efea-4957-badb-daa97ec402ad

Supported stacks:

- HTML + Tailwind
- HTML + CSS
- React + Tailwind
- Vue + Tailwind
- Bootstrap
- Ionic + Tailwind
- SVG

Supported AI models:

- Gemini 3 Flash and Pro - Best models! (Google)
- Claude Opus 4.5 - Best model! (Anthropic)
- GPT-5.2, GPT-4.1 (OpenAI)
- Other models are available as well but we recommend using the above models.
- DALL-E 3 or Flux Schnell (using Replicate) for image generation

See the [Examples](#-examples) section below for more demos.

We have experimental support for taking a video/screen recording of a website in action and turning that into a functional prototype.

![google in app quick 3](https://github.com/abi/screenshot-to-code/assets/23818/8758ffa4-9483-4b9b-bb66-abd6d1594c33)

[Learn more about video here](https://github.com/abi/screenshot-to-code/wiki/Screen-Recording-to-Code).

[Follow me on Twitter for updates](https://twitter.com/_abi_).

## 🌍 Hosted Version

[Try it live on the hosted version (paid)](https://screenshottocode.com).

## 🛠 Getting Started

The app has a React/Vite frontend and a FastAPI backend.

Keys needed:

- [OpenAI API key](https://github.com/abi/screenshot-to-code/blob/main/Troubleshooting.md), Anthropic key, or Google Gemini key
- Multiple keys are recommended so you can compare results from different models

If you'd like to run the app with Ollama open source models (not recommended due to poor quality results), [follow this comment](https://github.com/abi/screenshot-to-code/issues/354#issuecomment-2435479853).

Run the backend (I use Poetry for package management - `pip install --upgrade poetry` if you don't have it):

```bash
cd backend
echo "OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-your-key" > .env
echo "ANTHROPIC_API_KEY=your-key" >> .env
echo "GEMINI_API_KEY=your-key" >> .env
poetry install
poetry env activate
# run the printed command, e.g. source /path/to/venv/bin/activate
poetry run uvicorn main:app --reload --port 7001
```

You can also set up the keys using the settings dialog on the front-end (click the gear icon after loading the frontend).

Run the frontend:

```bash
cd frontend
yarn
yarn dev
```

Open http://localhost:5173 to use the app.

If you prefer to run the backend on a different port, update VITE_WS_BACKEND_URL in `frontend/.env.local`

## Docker

If you have Docker installed on your system, in the root directory, run:

```bash
echo "OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-your-key" > .env
docker-compose up -d --build
```

The app will be up and running at http://localhost:5173. Note that you can't develop the application with this setup as the file changes won't trigger a rebuild.

## 🙋‍♂️ FAQs

- **I'm running into an error when setting up the backend. How can I fix it?** [Try this](https://github.com/abi/screenshot-to-code/issues/3#issuecomment-1814777959). If that still doesn't work, open an issue.
- **How do I get an OpenAI API key?** See https://github.com/abi/screenshot-to-code/blob/main/Troubleshooting.md
- **How can I configure an OpenAI proxy?** - If you're not able to access the OpenAI API directly (due to e.g. country restrictions), you can try a VPN or you can configure the OpenAI base URL to use a proxy: Set OPENAI_BASE_URL in the `backend/.env` or directly in the UI in the settings dialog. Make sure the URL has "v1" in the path so it should look like this: `https://xxx.xxxxx.xxx/v1`
- **How can I update the backend host that my front-end connects to?** - Configure VITE_HTTP_BACKEND_URL and VITE_WS_BACKEND_URL in front/.env.local For example, set VITE_HTTP_BACKEND_URL=http://124.10.20.1:7001
- **Seeing UTF-8 errors when running the backend?** - On windows, open the .env file with notepad++, then go to Encoding and select UTF-8.
- **How can I provide feedback?** For feedback, feature requests and bug reports, open an issue or ping me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/_abi_).

## 📚 Examples

**NYTimes**

| Original                                                                                                                                                        | Replica                                                                                                                                                         |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <img width="1238" alt="Screenshot 2023-11-20 at 12 54 03 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6b0ae86c-1b0f-4598-a578-c7b62205b3e2"> | <img width="1414" alt="Screenshot 2023-11-20 at 12 59 56 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/981c490e-9be6-407e-8e46-2642f0ca613e"> |


**Instagram**

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a335a105-f9cc-40e6-ac6b-64e5390bfc21

**Hacker News**


https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/205cb5c7-9c3c-438d-acd4-26dfe6e077e5
